# Majora-s-Mask-3D-No-Music-Mod
This mod contains the file needed to mute the background music in Majora's Mask 3D. It is 100% compatible with both Project Restoration and the Randomizer, as well as all different versions and regions of Majora's Mask 3D, and it does not require patching a rom file. It is advised to have both a USA and an EUR version of MM3D on your 3DS console, so that one can be used for Vanilla or Project Restoration and the other can be used for the Randomizer.

To install this mod on a 3DS console, put the JokerStreaming.bcsar file into /luma/titles/0004000000125500/romfs/sound/streaming. If the romfs, sound, and streaming folders don't exist, please create them. To install this mod on the Citra emulator, put the JokerStreaming.bcsar file into user\load\mods\0004000000125500\romfs\sound\streaming. If the romfs, sound, and streaming folders don't exist, please create them. 
(Note that the 0004000000125500 folder mentioned in the above example is for the USA 1.0 version of the game, so be sure to put the .bcsar file into the correct folder for your version of MM3D.)

Mod Description:

This mod is able to mute ALL of the BGM, including the Grezzo ending credits for both original hardware and emulator, which would cause a softlock for both in the previous version. Jingles such as the ones that play when you get an item, get a heart piece or container, get a mask, beat a race (as an indicator that the race has been completed), the playback for ocarina songs, the Zora jam sessions, the Frog Choir, and the Ballad of the Wind Fish Milk Bar song playback have not been removed, in order to maintain the character of the game. The flute that plays Saria’s Song in the ending credits will appear, Pamela's Music Box House theme will also play, as well as the Song of Healing that plays during the Darunia, Mikau, and Pamela's Father cutscenes.
